    Ch 1 - Heaven Come Down

    Midas. A giant. Infamous. In time, all he touched grew blackened and cracked into cumulous dust. Might he ever find something he loved? It's body would crumble. The cost was too much.
    One day he stumbled on the town of Dusk. The sky speckled red, then faded to rust. Ne'er song or a lark, bird or a bush; residents crumbled underfoot. Midas' stride had grown long in foot as the many small men all believed in their books. 
    Why, oh why, should they believe in their books?
    The sky opened up.

     Ch 2 - World Ord

     Midas stopped finally, looking for once. Nothing like light had appeared at Dusk.
     In fact it had, but his sight was too short. His father and his father had seen it in turn, but none ever, it seemed, had spoken before. His father begot him and from then abhorred. Order seemed lost in the land of Ord. Famine of family; familial scorn. Many big men. No mothers or warmth.
     Back to our hero - white light shone, shored - burning his skin - bored, sizzling, scorched. Midas delighted at thought life is more. Dreaming, daring for wings, free to soar.
     "I must see to seeing what morning implores."

     Ch 3 - Sage Advice Given - Ascension

     Midas. Confused. Well-eaten up. His mind hadn't moved since first steps he took. Angry, unable to crack it, the crook, took back to the blackness, to faces of soot. He'd climbed many mountains, searched valleys and rooked through ways to make way toward the beautiful nook. Until the day came (an old man, the mook) Midas, our Midas... He opened the book.
 
     I am the mountains, the valleys, the brooks. 
     
     "This shit makes no sense," yet onward he looked.
 
     I hold your heart in my hands like this book.
     
     Heat stung his eyes. His fire burned up.
 
     Go to the people. Give what you took. Love unconditionally, forever, for good.
     
     The book finally faded as all things before, but now the man Midas knew order, law. World saw him coming, they knew from afar. 
     "Midas is no more. Now, Nebuchadnezzar."

     Ch 4 - New World Accord

     Nebuchadnezzar knew no fault, as if he had landed, as if it were handed... as if He had planned it.
     "The land swells when planted. Seeds given time with fair weather; granted, anything loved just enough."      
     A romantic.
     A man taught with thought, not feckless pedantics. Newly a youth, he led them to land's end. Justly, he showed them the trite things they'd lacked in; as farmers forever, for everyone, had been. 
     He painted the world, based with lead, a redaction. The poor king knew nothing like ignorance, inaction.

     Ch 5 - Society Peaked

     Suddenly, society (to be succinct) simply happened; appeared from the dust mixed to mud. Blood fixed to metal. Clashes. So man continued, and so too the madness.
     "This isn't right!" he harassed them. 
     Cuss formed like cud in his mouth, with a passion. Midas chewed silent. The burning crept back in.
     "Damn it!" he blurted, spit hurtling at them. 
     His words now a problem, if only he'd practiced! Hate bubbled up from the depths like a kraken. If only the man knew His name! It racked him.
     "All of the pain will eventually fade, if only we stop and obey what's established."
     
     Ch 6 - In God We Trust

     Midas moved on. 
     Now, stuck in a rush. Our hero found he once again tripped on Dusk. The place he'd first changed, changed it's name to Mourning.
     "Shit" said the king.
     The dark of depression, deplorably, poured in.
     "Mourning is wrong. Dawn's good for Dusk."
     Memory faded as onward he thrust. If only he'd taken a second! Recorded! Changing the world for better? 
     "I must be! That book said it so and the money it cost me!"

     Ch 7 - It's All the Same to be Changed

    So much occurred. Phases unfazed. Mansa's men's rea and name again changed. It just so happened he'd seen the sign. 
    "Dove. I must be in Mourning, is this Dawn or Dusk?"
     Again and again nobody answered, but the whispers did singe, blister:
     
     He never did listen.
     He won't let it lie.
     His existence is sin.
     
     Mister, can you even die?

     Ch 8 - As Before

     The last one was different. A question for once. The wording was different, like scorn mixed with love. Truth affixed to us. Asking.
     "Why am I like this?" He begged of the sky, which had once opened up. Now once again. Eyes.
     The light seemed to speak, only whispers, 
     
     Listen. No more mad men will I christen. All still fall short despite endless depictions. I predict now you'll die the great death dispositioned.

     Fire erupted from up. The world then turned over. Beneath now above. Evil creeped in like dust from that book, but moreover. Wrath knew no bounds, like the evil before it. The giant knew then that he still lacked the courage. He'd never be God and he hated Him for it. 
     All was the same as before, he saw clearly, but hell now, at rapid pace, approached like the morning. Nothing could stop it. No chance now to save. To be taken back was the only escape.
     None he'd known done it, but some he'd heard poorly. Like Enoch who'd done just enough. Boring.

     Ch 9 - The End

     Colossal. Cantankerous. Conniption fit ridden. The giant blamed everyone else but him. A big man, but he was so chock full of sin. He'd done everything else in the book but forgiven. 
     Evil abounded in hell on a whim. Devils surrounded themselves with a grin. 
     If only they'd washed, now wishing upending. Too late. No yesteryear or tomorrow appending. 
     Ord lost it's name like the many that made her. So too the world as we'd made it crumbled and faded. 
     Earth then emerged from the blackness she'd racked with. Returning at once to what'd been before. Back then.
