1-Money
Night arrived around 8 late in August as the author sat alongside himself once again like that evening. An arduous day it'd been. A daunting existence before, there, laid bare to the wilderness was, is and would've been.
Just another. 
Mundanity. 
Thin. 
Days flew by like a season, yet not quite as long or as often, it seemed, to the others about him. Alone to the thought that the grim soon approached him.
Simply said, it was more. But honestly, they didn't seem interested in the evil about him. And yet, they're enthralled there within. Themselves, and yet nothing important it seemed. Progressing towards all of the things that made life worse for when, where, he moved forward. Beyond what was their past. Between all, what seeped in.
Wy knew nothing like what he saw. Travesty tapestried. Awful incarnate accosting him, cost him his life as it'd been.
They might think he missed it. The before they often called primrose. 
Rosado. 
Red grew his vision. 
Downturned much moreso as rage sprang from this very thought... that "life's more without them. It's better alone than prevented. 
Pretenders... knew nothing like what they pretended. The future intended." 
Then let it slip away. Let the pain of the moment go to the wind. Gentle breezes about him which whirled while the people, like torment and tempest all wound into one, moved about him. A hellish, perpetual existence.
From nothing to less. Astonishing, truly. He never knew it'd be like this...
Still, a quarter's a quarter... A tenner for teens...
Shots rang out in the distance. Holes in the dents, in the cracks, in the walls, and the doors, but the ceiling was caving. Saw light from beneath the sheet metal that covered the entrance to what was the den in a house left abandoned for years. 
1966 - read the will he'd found deep and abandoned in corridors back behind something. Whence, he'd not known. Where, he'd not cared to remember. Just knew it'd made copious sense to acquire schematics of every detail, if even he'd had to in print. 
Wy knew why, but not when fate would change. When 3 looked at 1, but a many, intensely the same. Shame to the women above, thought the man in the mirror that looked at himself in sharp contrast to sin. The weight of the world still upon him as all had, then, been. Already looking past this. Wading through hell set toward heaven. 
11:11 again.
"Long night ahead" contemplated.
Hating the world, but forgetting it all for a minute. Abated, the breath of the nothing so near to his presence. 
The home sat a mile from limits they'd drawn and forgotten as if the ones closest were something, but really isn't. Tents best described what he'd seen last within on his trip to deliver a year ago. Never again. 
"Had all I'd needed right here." A greenhouse to some, but to him it's a shelter. Sustenance.
Elated, he laid back to look at the mural aview. Cheribum whisking through clouds with each other like he'd never known, if so briefly, for this was a time of renewal. Knew there was more, and yet it'd give to credence. Clearly they must see what's real through the "truth," then, presented. He'd heard it all before.
"Losers."
Walls where the paper had been full of more now, but something like what they all searched for. Deed's the beginning. 
"Might even sell it off too."
More than 10 years in the distance, it'd been since he'd stumbled (himself afflicted) to where the sore structure still stood.
A step in the distance. A knock at the door. Made them wait hours.
1:10.
Clatter of metal, shuffling then at the foyer where they had intruded. Guests you could call them, but really they're more like dependants. Self the same way looking back before all this. The shame waked away once again.
"Wick. I need wickin," said shrouded, dark faces. 2 of them this time.
Click of the hammer pulled. 
Tense.
"Believe me, I know where you've been. I'm not even sorry you're here, just that you came here again." - Wy
One looked at the other. Send someone new every time. I knew he wouldn't. Key's not enough for a lifetime of this.
"Y, honest. Not even a cop or a gent or some stranger. You've known me for years and I need this." - Wayne
"Can't, Wayne. Who's the friend?" - Wy
"Names Arty. Short for party. Mom's a comedian." - Art
"Den." - Wy

2-Dauntless
Wayne'd settled in. Set in partly, but knew a balcony outside and time could be awfully, but naught, for corroboration. Outside, an angle to entrances up, there, above. Second floor story ascent.
"Would be nothin," thought poor Wayne Currothers. "In before Y knew I's there."
It's easy to need, but doing's another, isn't it?
Wy read his mind from across the embankment intended. Across the divide between men and the prophetic end that the addict approached rather quickly and wandered quite quietly up to the column beneath the advent. Looked down at him now like the moon does the earth. Far away. Further than what he could reach. Still he looked for a footing and found one. A sill settled high off the edge of the walkway that circled the home, so he leaped. Missing the ledge by a moment, an inch, or a few at least. Head hit the metal protrusion rose up from beneath where he'd stood but a moment ago. Bleeding.

3-Topple
Art soon emerged from the deep. Seemed like nothing to someone as high as the sky or asleep to reality. 
"Wayne?" - Art
Wy'd stayed inside like the creature he breathed to be then as he had when Wayne'd met him. A piece of his history. Now just as dead as the dream of Art's family, friends and all who would weep when they heard of the tragedy caused by his forgetfulness. He ran at the site of it. 
Not of this breed.
"I'm just a dealer," but dealt so uncleanly.

4-Glean
Wy'd heard the thud unlike Art had. Testing his "team" as he called it. 
"This batch is better than the others round town. Even high dollar scenes." - Art
"I don't just do this. I'm the one, only." -Wy
Please, I've had better thought Art. For he knew Wayne 3 years or more over "baking" he'd called it to affuse a screen.

* * *

"Cretin." - Wy
Wy was amazed at the stupidity been, there, exhibited, then, on his, "my", property. 
"What a failure. Knew this one'd end prematurely. Not quite like this, but eventually." - Wy
The body lied prone on in the dirt like a sack of potatoes. Art was nowhere to be seen. Dug in the garden a mile deep hole for an addict like Wayne'd been.
"Too much as far as I see." - Wy
Filled in the whole like he had. 
"Makes 3 on this land." 
Couldn't quite fathom these children, just teens. Now a 20. 60 times 10 and 10. Time I'd spent wasting my while on these idiots. Bring me another, the garden would beg of him. Seymore he'd been called by those who believed. Dirt mixed with blood in the earth, like a mud from betwixt his thin fingers. Pale white in sharp contrast to loam as he'd called it to greens. 
"Take off your shoes if you must. Feel the life in your toes, on your feet. Like a sand and an ocean in one. At the beach."
Wy now loathed them. He'd known they were searching for chinks in the armor of Smaug. Golden peace was abhorrent to him after all he had lost to his time as a pettegrew thief. Petegree. A dog, no, a hound left to sleep.
3.

5-Unrewarding
Dauna knew something was wrong instantly. Felt in her heart as she thrust from her sleep. 
Timeless.
Frozen.
Broken immediately.
Shrieks woke her husband beside her, though could have been streets far away. 
"I heard him crying, I think." - Dauna
"It's nothing, dear. Wayne's always out past this hour. Probably at Arthur's or Week's." - Allen
"I should call them." - Dauna
"We will in the morning, my sweetheart. You worry too much. He's finally able to enjoy his youth, freely." - Allen
"At least call Weeks." - Dauna
"Ok. Sleep." Allen reached under the bed for a pack of old Spirits. Red in cheek as he knew she didn't. Too dark to've seen.
Walked to the porch painted fresh a fine shade of white satin. Specially ordered. 
"Priest. I need a priest for this woman. Possessed, I believe." - Allen 
"Art stopped by on the way. Said Wayne'd gone home with a girl they were out with, I think." - Weeks
"Did he say it was Lainy?" - Allen
"No. Page, I believe." - Weeks
"Not the Streeter girl. She's trouble." - Allen
"She's not all there after everything I'd heard that had happened in their house, like, a year ago." - Weeks
"Say, what was it?" a drag of his cigarette.
"Shauna's the one that told me. Said girl lost her mind at the sight of her father and some other sleeve. Not her mother, obviously." - Weeks
"That's not awful. Just tough for her age." - Allen
"Please. I'd seen it all by 11. Bored by 13. Sick of this shit by the time I could drive... legally..." - Weeks
"Whatever, Tom. I'll tell the wife it was Lainy. You got the shit yet?" - Allen
"Poker'll kick ass this week." - Weeks
Click. Drag. Ash on concrete.
Sleep.


Beyond what was there past the end.

Wy/Y (Willice Daughtry James)
Wayne, Allen & Dauna Currothers 
Thomas & Shauna Weeks
Arthur, Ethan & Emily Paine
Lainy, Ellis & Audry Bright
Page, Marcus and Penny Streeter

Boring(ly) awful to awful, but hopeful. 3rd omniscient, changes perspectives to characters trying to kill/deter main character from his goal of escaping the life he's known and what knows him
