Tale of a man who struggles to reconcile with the world. He fractures his psyche into many parts whom all provide meaningful additions to the world until it changes such that his fractured mental state returns to normal in a world that he agrees with and agrees with him. Told from 3rd person omniscient following the perspective of his wife that watches it all fall apart and come back together, all the while supporting him despite adversity.

Perhaps Ameni only asks questions until he states core themes?

Andra Mane - Wife (Head of household)
Ameni Mane - Husband (Department Chair/Professor)
Allen Arden - Department Head (Friend of family) 
Aiden Faulk - Family doctor
Armani Dredd - Psychologist (colleague of Aiden Faulk)
Anson - Butler
Avery - Husband of Anson


Ch 1 - Fractured

Ameni Mane faced her with deadshot eyes. A thousand miles away from the man she knew just a moment before. 
"Andra? Ani?" - Ameni Mane
The pain in his voice was tangible as his mind searched for a foothold where there were none, despite standing square on solid ground. 
"I'm here, love. Lie down a while." - Andra Mane
Now sitting, as he slipped further from himself and his wife there beside him. Tears filled his clouded gaze. 
Never had this happened to the stoic, proud, pontificating man she knew. The doctor she loved for his mind as much as his matter appeared a shell of himself as he slunk in the rich red recliner of their modern, rich home. 
Hills seen behind through the window-walls lined the lush laden valley they held as their fortress from dolts. 
Quite serene.
"Class must be canceled today, Amen. I'll hear nothing else." - Andra
He did not reply but a mutter, only just sinking. Not even able to hear her, she hopefully doubted.
Rushed to the kitchen, or rushing for Andra, who's fair, smitten frame (by our Amen) whisked effortlessly to the phone.
A Baryozka before in her past on a whim after college, she stepped like a whisper. Wind tossed her about in their times in the mountains. She preferred their life here without them.
"Dr. Arden? It's Andra... Yes, I regret to inform you that Dr. Mane will not be available today... I'm not sure. He seemed alright when he woke, but... Yes... Ameni apologizes... Thank you, Allen. I'll update you after we see Dr. Faulk." - Andra
Well respected was her husband in nearly every community he'd attended. The OFDC at Dartmouth had welcomed, no, begged him in after his groundbreaking works in mathematics, progressing their respective age like a small town Einstein. Allen Arden, whom headed the department of mathematics, seemed unusually distressed by the news of Ameni's absence as a result. 
Andra kept her strength.
She filled a fine glass and carafe, which she placed on the table near Amen, sliding the glass wall back next. Flighted, she did, to the outhome where Anson had sat in the yard with his friend.
"Anson, tend to our husband while I fetch him Aiden." - Andra
The two joked how both of them married Ameni for they loved him, though An preferred Avery. 
"What's wrong, ma'am? Is he alright?" - Anson
"I don't know yet. I've never seen him like this... dead in his mind. Make sure he has all he needs until then." - Andra
"Of course. God speed, my dear." - Anson
"I can take you to Faulk's, Mrs. Mane. It's on the way." - Avery
"No, I prefer to drive. Thank you, Avery. You two are welcome to continue in the main house. I apologize for the sudden append." - Andra
"No, ma'am. We shall see Ameni is alright in your stead." - Avery
"I won't be long at all." - Andra
Andra made way to the doctor, calling ahead.
"Aiden, it's Andra... Ameni seems lost... Like he's stuck in his head... Thank you. I'll be just an hour, if less." - Andra

Ch 2 - Daunting

Ani arrived like a hellion had driven her there, but kept her composure. Out came the doctor and Dredd.
"Armani! So awful to see you. How unexpected." - Andra
"Yes, ma'am, I called him when I heard the symptoms. Simply put, we'll both address this." - Aiden Faulk
"No need for alarm, love. Just medicine." - Armani Dredd - "I promise, on my life, he's back before death."
"I'll hold you to that. It's his life or your fucking head." - Andra
Both of them laughed as she's beauty thorned red as the wagon she'd come from and whence they returned.
Gliding, the Phantom, like steps of the lady who drove her. The beautiful, wide beast touched both the white edges of lanes as they passed through the presently fall marbled forest betwixt their homesteads.
"Pestilence?" - Andra
"No, ma'am. Just tell us his symptoms. What did you notice whilst still in his bed?" - Armani
"The armchair. Before that he'd seemed on the mend from a fever that plagued him. Rendered him useless, unusually. We'd planned a weekend." - Andra
"Where to?" - Aiden
"Just up the bend to see mother." - Andra
"That could be it." - Armani
"I'll bring us all to a premature end." - Andra
Necessetous times let to necessary vents.
"Honestly, I'd hoped that by Monday the weight would relieve from his chest." - Andra
"Ah, so you say he's been stressed?" - Aiden, looking to Armani
"Yes. Pushing himself on some theories. Working to hard, though he says it's important. I trust him, the christ." - Andra
"A good wife." - Aiden
"He's blessed." - Armani

Ch 3 - Weight

Hardly had they pierced the gate when Avery came hurtling; distress quite clear through the pane.
"Ma'am he's not breathing!" - Avery
Tears burst from his face. 
Andra tore up through the garden, not slowing until she'd made way to the threshold. Our hero in doctoral wake. 
Then, like the tears from poor Avery, they flew out in tandem. 
"Stand back." - Aiden
Anson's late efforts now breaking, doctors, both Faulk and Dredd