Wain (50 years old) was with a group that promised him care if he helped and has finally after many years received it to find it's too late to save himself if he'd gotten help sooner. Wine and her family were a part of the group Wain helped, but her father lied to Wain to get help knowing he couldn't keep promise. Wine's family include her father, Straunson (60), her husband, Lukas (mid 40s), and their son, Swain (12). The story is told in reverse chronology with the end feeling like a soft landing after an intensely turbulent story given the humble beginnings of the chance encounter between Wain and Wine. They meet in a bar as he hits on her with a joke about getting away from family but they are both on a work vacation and they obviously have similar unique names. Wain doesn't really have a family and she thinks they have affairs, and they forget about it until years later. Some events to include - Swain is, in fact, Wain's son but Lukas never knows as Wine keeps this a secret and Wain doesn't either from no contact until Wain meets Straunson through work, which for both of them is ex military mercenary work. Lukas is military at the time when Wine meets Wain but has left and joined merc work upon Straunson's incessance and Wine is a military contractor that essentially sells weapons to militia groups. Lukas starts out good and becomes bad as he was stand up in the military but gets jaded with merc work. Straunson is the worst guy obviously. There's also a Romeo and Juliet ending as Wain is killed by Wine (he's also an alcoholic so bazinga) but she finds the paper Wain was looking for and realizes that her father lied to him and understands him killing her father but maybe not her husband and son over it because she thinks Lukas doesn't know about the swindle. Consider an epilogue to tie up that Lukas didn't know as a redemption arc for his bad path and add an evil conclusion to Wain's moral ambiguity during the story. Try to keep Wain a dynamic character with scenes making him seem somewhat justified and others damning him. Maybe keep the detail that Wain is Swain's father ambiguous until the epilogue as well with a nurse giving info about the boy and his father. Confusion as she doesn't mean Lukas. Maybe end of the story as scene with their reacquaince she says he looks familiar as they're no contact but Wain suspects after her father implies his daughter has a 12 year old son. Lukas is the narrator is this first passage, consider the narrator changing to show another third perspective of events while also highlighting relational elements with other characters to provide more info since the style is choppy, if it stays heavily adherant to this structure. 

He breathed often, it felt. His eyes heavy, Wain mucked into the room. 
A foyer, it seemed. 
Perceiving, as he did, it was covered in dust.
He breathed air, quite haggardly. Passively pushed through the tables in search of a 
"damn piece of paper" -Wainwright
which plagued him a 33rd night.
"It's been nowhere. I swear I've looked everywhere. Carefully. Know that I left it... Somewhere in the fight..." - Ww
Unspeakable things had been happened amongst, there, the people of Dusk, where had happened that blackness had covered the sky for a minute (that's their way of saying much time. call me Blithe. - Narrator). 
Just then a crack in the muttering. Blast to the left (where Wain's blind). One, a woman. He'd turned quick. Her name had been 
"Wine" - Ww
Wainwright looked. Her eyes were ablaze with an anger, yet petrified. Gripped, she, a rifle, and her hip, a nine.
"I saw what happened, you bastard! You lie! You're the Devil incarnate! Fuck I swear..." - Wine (we'll refer to her as Ww - n [we'll refer to me as n - Lukas])
He cut her off with a blast of his own from a shotgun he'd slung from his shoulder.
"Tough." - Ww
See, her father had lead him to Dusk. She was eager to please him. She loved him too much, thought Wain. Dead now, and not feet from foot; close to Wain. Wine behind a wall (cocrete or brick. a foot - n).
Moved, he, quite quick. He dashed behind cover; a white marble piller with light. 
"We're the only ones left now you creep! You pig of a man!" - Ww (she means evil. how we'd say weird is their morally unjust - n)
Jumps as she's hit with a debris from where shot glean by inches from us (ok I'm in the room... I'm a person and a narrator... I'm...)
Hid behind wall. She turned to the man just beside her. Her love. Wine loved him like heaven above. They'd a family. Son who was dead now not far from the table, one of the ones strewn. His body'd been crushed.
Burst into tears, did she. Wailing, she turned to the war now amuck, firing. Emptying clip from the dark room she's hiding in. Hadn't expected him back so soon after that. Torn down the drive just the way that he'd come.  There and back, black and white. Everything done. Set as the sun.
Wain was dead. 

 *                  *                  *

He'd pulled up, first calmly. Talking to Straunson on papers he's holding. A doctor had said that the cancer was dying him. If only some time, father'd lied too. A mass in his chest'd make a cave if they knifed it, he couldn't survive the metastasizing and... So much more. My husband is dead on the floor next to me with my child... The other room...
No...
Should I lie down my rifle or go now and join them? My family dead. And now Wain. Why, then, did I shoot him? Afraid, I was. Hatred for loosing my child... my boys.... my men... 